docs: add DaoXE provider guide (#12173)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: packages/kilo-docs/pages/ai-providers/daoxe.md

---
title: "Using DaoXE with Kilo Code"
description: "Connect Kilo Code to DaoXE's multi-model API gateway with an API key and an account-available model ID."
sidebar_label: DaoXE
---

# Using DaoXE With Kilo Code

> [DaoXE](https://daoxe.com) is a multi-model API gateway available in Kilo Code through the OpenAI-compatible provider catalog. Kilo Code uses the `daoxe` provider ID and reads your API key from `DAOXE_API_KEY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DaoXE](https://daoxe.com) is a multi-model API gateway available in Kilo Code. [Insert details on why users may be interested in this provider, or unique aspects].
```

Suggest removing specifies and rather add some higher level rationale on why users may be interested in this provider.

{% callout type="warning" %}
DaoXE is not available in mainland China. Requests from mainland China may be blocked or rejected.
{% /callout %}

## Before you begin

1. Create an account at [daoxe.com](https://daoxe.com).
2. Create an API key in your DaoXE dashboard.
3. Choose an exact model ID available to your account. Model availability and pricing can change, so check the live catalog instead of copying an old model list.

## Configure Kilo Code

{% tabs %}
{% tab label="VSCode" %}

1. Open **Settings** in the Kilo Code extension.
2. Go to the **Providers** tab and add **DaoXE**. If it is not visible, click **Show more providers**.
3. Enter your DaoXE API key.
4. Select a model that is available to your DaoXE account.

> The extension stores the provider configuration in your `kilo.json` file. You can also configure it directly using the CLI format below.

Author: Addressed — the VS Code tab now states that the Providers UI stores credentials in Kilo's `auth.json` store (via `auth.set`), and the CLI tab keeps the separate `kilo.json` / `DAOXE_API_KEY` example. See the current Providers section around the VSCode / CLI tabs.

> The extension stores provider credentials in Kilo's `auth.json` store. The CLI tab below shows the separate `kilo.json` provider configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider credentials are stored in Kilo's `auth.json` store. 
```

{% /tab %}
{% tab label="CLI" %}

> Set your API key in the environment:

Reviewer: CLI users can also set it up using `/connect` and then paste in the API key, which will have it stored in auth.json similar to above. Suggest mentioning this as the primary path, and the manual configuration method as a secondary option.

---
title: "Using DaoXE with Kilo Code"
description: "Connect Kilo Code to DaoXE's multi-model API gateway with an API key and an account-available model ID."
sidebar_label: DaoXE
---

# Using DaoXE With Kilo Code

> [DaoXE](https://daoxe.com) is a multi-model API gateway you can use in Kilo Code to reach multiple models through one API key and base URL — useful when you want a single OpenAI-compatible endpoint instead of wiring each vendor separately. Kilo Code uses the `daoxe` provider ID and reads your API key from `DAOXE_API_KEY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DaoXE](https://daoxe.com) is a multi-model API gateway you can use in Kilo Code to reach multiple models through one API key and base URL. Kilo Code uses the `daoxe` provider ID and reads your API key from `DAOXE_API_KEY`.
```

Reviewer: Kilo GW and a few other gateways are similar, so it is not really a differentiator. Open to other wording too.
